everybody welcome a grown lion play
spawning baskets with plus do you have
to get greed mode to 990-n sense do you
have to get greed mode to $9.99
let's see fastest way to get green
machine green machine green machine here
we go the green machine appears after
every ultra fight greed sorry every
ultra greed fighting greed motor
greedier mode it's shared if it's shared
between them then we're okay
the machine has a much lower Jam rate in
greedy your mode that's fantastic let's
do it alright alright alright close this
up that means we can do greedy your runs
starting right now and we can because
everybody's got it except brain dome yes
okay why don't I play some Isaac greedy
or dude I'm excited we finally ascended
pass baby mode curse of the unknown
doctor ha FFG to torn photo a lovely
choice to begin with and a little bit of
extra HP never hurt anybody either so
I'll admit I don't really know the
difference or at least I don't really
recall the difference between greed and
greedier without the financial rewards
were a little bit less apart from that
I'm a little stumped enemies are more
difficult more champions due to $0.03
key is a good deal I will sign up for
that
let me try maybe we'll get lucky here I
think it's not a bad use of a bomb even
though it ended up hanging out with
absolutely nothing so we're gonna head
down all right
and I do think actually once we get 3
cents step on the thing we got HP let's
not waste a charge that we might want to
prefer to use on our deal with the devil
for example if we get a garbage item
just try to make the best use possible
in d6
moreover like this might be overkill you
might not have to played this astutely
not that I'm Tooting my own horn here to
beat greedy or mode on an average seed
but make it a little bit more
interesting on ourselves now that we're
in the the
big leagues you know can't be doing
bush-league
chaos strats over and over so you got a
look at this you run like a cost-benefit
analysis once every four waves are gonna
get a coin
I think it's once every four waves it's
probably like twenty cents over the
course of a run sir sure I'll take it I
don't think it's necessarily that good
but all it has to do is pay out with
like one nickel or one dime and I'm a
happy camper
if it exclusively pays out with pennies
it's like we're trading our early game
item for maybe one to two items in the
late game and that might not be great
because that you know the less items you
have the more each one matters but plus
the longer you get to use an item that's
really good like torn photo for example
which we already got but I'm gonna I'm
gonna err on the side of it occasionally
giving us a nickel and thus blowing the
value chain like completely wide open
for us think we got an extra penny out
of that so might be once every two waves
actually now keep in mind you've also
got curse of the unknown so we should be
a little cautious about the way our HP
looks right now we know we've probably
got two or one-and-a-half somewhere in
the vicinity of that at the very least
but I'd rather Oh
if possible try to avoid catastrophic
loss of HP so really love to be able to
buy an item before we fight our bosses
but I don't think that that dream is
gonna come to fruition so I'd please I
do remember the problem with greed mode
by the way or sorry greedier is that you
get all these tanky enemies to spawn and
if you don't get a damage upgrade right
off the bat it becomes a huge uphill
battle luckily we did get a damage
upgrade right off the bat I'm just
dodging like garbage right now
DPS upgrade you know what I mean it's
all the same oh it all funnels back into
the same thing which is you know
destroying an enemy's health pool please
don't mess with that TNT I need that to
live we're gonna have thirteen
since not quite enough to get the job
done but all right not bad not bad
who knows what that half heart means to
us see what we get first a 14 second
lead time to deal with the haunts but I
don't really want to you know step on
the button maybe once we kill the haunts
little ghost friends he will brimstone
dukkha flies and for the cost of half of
a hard which is what we would have spent
a step on the thing anyway he'll get
dusted for example that was like
literally exactly the same situation
except we didn't have to pay the
half-hour that time it did dang it okay
that's fine though not too bad I think a
lot of our hopes live and die with this
first floor deal with the devil I didn't
even look at the items that were in the
shop they couldn't have dazzled me too
much I suppose if we didn't I if they
didn't catch our eye right off the bat
but well we'll go in after this and look
you might be able to buy an item and a
battery charge if we're really paranoid
about making this first deal with the
devil work starter deck is probably
worth it let's grab that question mark
card and then we'll buy this actually
yeah yeah I can live with this there's a
reroll machine as well this is good this
is actually good Lucca flies is no
problem I actually he's such not a
problem I actually felt bad about using
a bomb against him but now that he's
gone we basically despite envy if we can
get from our first deal with the devil
here any item that ups are damaged or
our rate of fire without pushing us past
the tear cab in thus incurring a little
bit of an opportunity cost I suppose I
mean let's be honest that was those were
a lot of big words that are not becoming
of me what I will probably do is look at
the item wait for my brain to be like I
like it or I don't like it and then take
it and then two seconds later after
picking it up I'll evaluate it and go oh
that wasn't worth the cost at all
it's more my speed to rooms huh on soos
and haggle eyes on soos is a useless
rune might show us the secret room
that's it so we couldn't spend a bomb to
find the secret room hoggle Oz is
potentially sort of useful probably not
very good but not necessarily bad so we
get child's leash out of that might make
a sack of pennies follow closer behind
us
what an amazing thrill that will be okay
still though first floor now Ben we got
to deal with the angel chance we have
speed plus range upgrade I think it's
worth it
that is not though get lemon mishap also
not really worth it I'm gonna use our
question mark card you get nightlight I
think you can make a case for night life
HP is a little on the low side
thank you very much we're gonna blow
these up not necessarily it's not quite
enough to make me excited I guess no
bombs for sale so let's let's think
about this logically I think you grab
this you start playing a little bit here
kind of swinging for the fences
excellent we got synthol out of it pay
three cents for that no problem and and
then I think we just go to town well we
didn't need to use hog allows this guy
blew himself up damage rate of fire I
would say there at a level appropriate
standard I know you're like man he's got
such a way with words he looks like an
accountant but he talks like a poet I
think we have a build that's conducive
to our prison organizational aims let me
run this by the Comptroller in due time
and we'll see I don't know what a
comptroller does I believe they control
I believe that comptroller is what I
meant to say no I believe they
administer
the infrastructure of a city like the
Comptroller is like yeah you can build
that there the Comptroller is like nah
you can't build that there that's an
antiquated word we got to get rid of the
word comptroller its gatekeeping the
only people who would ever run for the
position of Comptroller already know
what comptroller is I don't want my
ignorance to reduce my ability to get a
better job
so as far as I'm concerned is not called
comptroller anymore you might say what
should we call it well the answer is
that as soon as I get a free second here
I'm gonna look up what a comptroller
actually does and I'll rename it myself
live on camera for the good of myself
but also mankind you got to be careful
with rerolls
because if we use one we'll have to pay
for another one to have one ready for a
deal with the Angels slash devil and I
would prefer to keep it keep it going
here we'll probably have to buy some HP
as well you got to go for spun see what
else we get mostly good we got a luck
downgrade ancient recall is a few cards
fool death pool two of diamonds two of
diamonds is a lovely card we got to grab
this did we then take our fool card oh
you know what Hogg allows this Ike we
ask yourself son I'm gonna enter this
room that worked out quite well we're
gonna fool card out of here sure
to a dime it's got to keep it fool
there's value in the fool card there is
some value in the death card but I would
say the fool card is probably I
understand how to use it a little better
I think the two of diamonds we just
saved for essentially as late as we can
rest assured I haven't forgotten about
the Comptroller business
I'm keeping the the green nub alive down
here
or as I call him The Incredible Hulk so
that what it would a needless shot at a
great Marvel property no the reasoning
is he could kill some enemies for us at
some point in this run we're gonna need
some HP that time is possibly like
rapidly approaching thankfully not there
yet
14 cents shouldn't take jarrah flies we
actually don't need any speed so I don't
think we buy anything else here do we
have we do have a rear ol machine but we
don't we're never gonna get to fifteen
cents so nothing to worry about
this shouldn't be too rough we're
fighting three enemies and and they kind
of hide from us they obfuscate if you
will but on the bright side they're also
extremely not tanky so there we go
easy money deal with the angel huh where
we get stigmata unexpected but fairly
positive you need the HP as mentioned so
sure not that bad that would have been a
better choice for hog Allah is probably
right there could have gotten magic mush
you never know first things first I
think you coming keep this situation
right here it's not bad takes us to 15
cents fool card out more HP not 10 out
of 10 probably should be a little bit
more liberal using the mmm that's
actually tempting hear me out here five
cents two of these we lost not the run
but we lost a little bit on that
transaction because we got to buy
another key that's right uh I could I
could be persuaded to take potato peeler
for a bit anyway sulfur tears or acid
tears I don't love them but I'm gonna
bank on them being better than nice well
very smart decision bank on them being
plausibly useful here
they've only got to provide us with
fifteen cents of value that's not that
much to break even I mean I guess we
would probably want done fifteen cents
all right five cents I guess we would
probably want them to provide more than
five cents where the benefit considering
you know item rooms are limited we've
taken a lot of like 5050 items I think
like sack of pennies has worked out
better than expected wouldn't be
surprised if acid tears end up a little
bit worse I overate tier effects even if
they stink most of the time one
exception being that eyeballs that just
sort of rolled around but I caught a
little heat for that in the comments so
I don't know maybe maybe we'll get the
right synergy to make that work one day
for now though just feel like I'm
referencing some Spanish when I say for
now though it's like close to Fernando
but not quite there don't call my name
don't call my name for now though
doesn't really work okay we got through
the first set here pretty easily no
battery charges for sale and one bomb
remaining I'm gonna say no at a potato
peeler even though it burns me up in my
soul a little bit and then you got a
look at this you gotta say come on blank
art two of diamonds who says no to blank
card to a diamonds
I mean I'm gonna think about I'm gonna
think about it for a bit cuz we're in an
okay situation I don't like to lose the
d6 and also financially we're kind of
okay
especially considering like recently we
had a run we donated like 70 cents they
grew up to like 880 or something like
that
for green mode which again hopefully
carries over with greedier so I don't
think money is necessarily that
important although of course we do use
that to buy items as well and if we can
cross that threshold we can buy infinite
items more or less so we probably should
it's probably like idiotic not to I just
don't like losing the d6 it hurts me
deep in my soul so I'm thinking that
maybe the first thing we should do is
just finish this wave off then then we
can reroll our deal with the devil or
angel hopefully re-roll it into
something useful if we have the reroll
and of course the alternative would just
be getting something good right off the
bat and then we could feel better I
think about taking it Plus you know if
you take a blank card 2 of diamonds and
you have literally like 5 cents left
after that cost you a few doublings to
get to the point where you can actually
purchase stuff again this way we'll buy
eleven nineteen cents go back up to 38
not too far off right
it's okay it's alright
two of back up to 38 cents I think we
want to just like try to get ya I mean
that'll do and then if we can buy a five
cent battery charge I'd be very happy it
might look like we're throwing money
away but if we get one battery charge
that can respawn effectively we have
unlimited money from that point onwards
so I think the faster we can do that the
happier we're gonna be I've got a 15
cent battery there we go so now know we
litter owner enough whoo yeah yeah we're
good
it's like we literally hit P exact
amount that would make it possible
okay so weird like completely set so
obviously we're gonna buy like whatever
stock is useful for us we could even
take the d6 after this once we get
unlimited everything already like
immediately up to 99 cents we should buy
all the actives because we candy 6 them
it will cost us our use of the blank
card but if we can use the blank card to
give us like unlimited items right now
than like who cares right just throw
that over there use that grab this Jesus
juice is half price belly button allows
us to hold two trinkets slow worms not
very good but you know why not Cracker
Jacks quality is never gonna do anything
for us I don't even want to touch like
the oh maybe I will touch the coin purse
items in hindsight so we're like
completely set we found that we found
the cheese stop that I have never seen
it before I've never seen matchbook give
us four troll bombs to the best of my
knowledge at least at this point I'm
like not even thinking about the items
forgetting but you gotta just get in
there right I mean how could you not you
got a trinket
but really not very great trinkets so
far Wheel of Fortune High Priestess
fool card chariot card justice card I
would say no no game changers in there
so let's not sweat it too much
mom transformation has already happened
so we're not sweating that I will buy
seven cent stat upgrades until the end
of time though if you let me we doubled
the wrong thing that's actually still
completely fine mmm really want thunder
thighs but I'll pop it out of the queue
at least even things that only mildly
improve our stats I'm okay with
especially at half price here so we just
got the fungi transformation 22 cents
fired two of these we're back in this
unlimited keys unlimited damage and you
bet I'm gonna like maximize our value on
this one make sure you're holding to a
diamonds that's a just want to make sure
you're set there why wouldn't I at this
point well you might say you know maybe
you don't want to take 100 million years
to finish this greedier run I've got no
places to be you got places to be
we don't break a run like this too often
that might be I thought that was gonna
be Beelzebub there it was not sneak in
here to diamonds
[Music]
I think we got bookworm it's hard to
tell it happened pretty fast
this should be Beelzebub and we already
had it okay you know what pop the hanged
man get get some of these garbage cards
out of here stop me see if I care what
else we got question mark card I don't
even want to think about what happens if
you use a blank card question mark card
that seems very confusing to me ace of
clubs don't do that cuz we need our 2a
diamonds here there you go if you could
just sneak okay maybe this will be like
the last wave that will bye for now cuz
I think it's getting a little ridiculous
shots are looking pretty wild
that's bookworm so actually we probably
got the Beelzebub transformation earlier
we gotta get crickets body weary
throughout the battery you idiot oh well
I mean we still got blank card unlimited
money if we want it but let's take
crickets body I think I'm gonna do six
everything I want more items sure we
lose blank card might lose out on some
money as a result but I think it's more
fun this way
I think blue map is worth taking x-ray
vision sure well we didn't need both of
them in hindsight I think the battery
could be worth taking everything else
get rear old one more time thanks to
9-volt co k go is horrible but we'll
take it is only horrible in this mode by
the way mom's box of trinkets if you can
give me a better trinket or two that
would be fine
blind rage I guess is okay they picked
up the charge with the wrong one there
and two of diamonds is gone forever but
I mean like beyond okay with this
especially with the existence of the Sun
card so I would say we're in a great
spot as a result of this but that's
probably abundantly clear I do wish our
damage was a little higher I'm surprised
we didn't pick up more in that vein but
I mean the whole world is in our hands
at this point
bloodshot I do not really surprise
there's even passives left but lucky us
to be honest because magic mush is not
just a passive it's a damage multiplier
so I think at this point unless we get
something incredible we'll probably save
all of our money because we want to
ensure that we can donate as much as
possible like we sure with blank card we
could have donated a ton blank card 2 of
diamonds but you never know when the
machine's gonna Jam I think carrying
$0.99 is about the best you could
conceivably hope for in most situations
probably a little bit of value and
bringing the Sun card with us but forgot
we had roon bag all we need is a nalgas
room and then the sun card is a lot less
useful the shots never die so enemies
are essentially dying as soon as they
come into existence yeah all you might
expect go relatively deep on this one HP
is not really much of a problem ma the
void can give us some damage and Rawdon
baby can give us quite a line as well
and as much damage as I thought but see
what we got on soos worth nothing ace of
clubs worth less than nothing
said a year Arun it is so the way I see
we should probably use a year of roon to
[Music]
double our money on the next floor
although we're probably gonna have
enough to get $2.99 regardless about you
two hearts the tower temperance is a
little value but not much
take Gera ace of clubs why ace of clubs
literally absolutely no reason except
that we could dump it ASAP guilt-free so
I can't believe you still got a couple
floors left here because we are rolling
I actually do not want Taurus chemical
peel is a much more valuable pickup
because I never want to not be shooting
I don't want to go 20 seconds without
having their shots be out there and I'm
gonna break my own rule by the way to
take soymilk which only triples our rate
of fire and takes our damage down by
like 1/6 but for absurdities sake I
think is worth it
yeah so this seems pretty good even if
soymilk is not really helping out I love
making a soy milk run work just feels
right so you know what yera
all these many perthro runes we hadn't
picked up too much of the money I think
$0.99 should not be a problem many per
Cano ruins sure why not I'm not even
worried about the pecan Oh rooms but
like take the per throws alright so this
is our last floor before the ultra greed
fight all I remember about the like
super mega ultra and he's really really
bad this time we promise greed fight is
that he shoots explosive shots so we
should keep an eye on those to be real
with you we could probably afford to
take an item at the very least
especially if it gave us I mean tall
razor varicose veins would be good but
we passed up varicose veins especially
if it gave us
explosion immunity however we didn't get
those and then beyond that you might be
saying why did you take crickets head
well we already have a damage multiplier
so that's that's the big reason there
another per throat
it would have given us some damage but
not very much at all this is one of the
runs in like my history of playing this
game where I would be the most stunned
if we lost I would I would lose my mind
not out of anger more out of like how
did it happen it's unfathomable to me
that we could lose this the damage
output is just insane another gear a
room as well so check the devil deal
it's not good enough the gods give us a
spirit heart so you know don't don't
they say too hard can definitely buy a
free item is anything here worth buying
I mean you know something to be said
about the shears I guess piercing shots
are shots are already basically piercing
they live at least sure 2020 basically
doubles our rate of fire well grab all
this you might say why not yera we don't
need it yet I've got so many greedy boys
over here $0.99 should still be
plausible am i maybe not my play for
there we go my play Ferrara is actually
to like donate a little on the next
floor and then hopefully yera
money that's on the ground and get a
bunch out of it but whether it works or
not remains to be seen but also doesn't
really matter that much
it'll quite probably Jam before $0.99 to
begin with
now we're not really actually I was
gonna I was gonna say we're not really
taking out his HP that quickly but we
really are but the real strength beyond
that is he can't summon anything because
anytime he brings down coins they're
gonna be dead you know before they even
know what hit him so it's very nice for
us that our first fight against super
greed was actually like our easiest
fight against greed since restarting the
the series here he has a second face I
totally forgot
it's probably been like a good few
months since I did a greedier mode run
so I have to learn these patterns all
over again I remember having some
problems with greedier like apparently
the number one technique for greedier is
you just stay in the corner and then
when he jumps resist your temptation to
go exactly where he just was like I just
did it's like learned muscle memory when
monstro jumps you go to underwear he
just was because he's never jump in
there you know you're gonna be safe
when superduper 100% really for real
this time guys greed gets mad it might
not be that applicable I suppose the d1
has appeared in the basement there's
value there can these tears just be gone
please regard the era took us literally
to 100 cents but our donation she's
definitely at 866 so the greed machine
is carried over so I don't think we did
the wrong thing here by playing greedy
or mode plus we had a fun run like
genuinely these don't always happen the
loss now holds holy mantle but who is
the lost I have no idea
sometimes greed or greedy or can be a
slog not this time it was a it was a lot
of fun we tailored our run nicely and it
can't complain so we can actually get it
to like 970 something right here of
which I cannot complain but I would like
for you to please allow me to bulk
donate charities would get much less of
poured if Penny's worth the unit of
currency that they accept it exclusively
this is bordering on TD young one day we
all will die and um I won't be thinking
fondly of the time I pumped sent after
sent into the arbitrarily machine
restricted that was big though posted is
coming together
he needs bottom-left mega satan he needs
far-right which is the lamb and he needs
void which is the stuff around the
outside which I think like yeah maggie
has weirdly enough and Eve but for now
thanks for watching it was a good
episode I hope you enjoyed it if you did
click the like button I'm set a great
deal of course subscribe be honesty more
in the future but for now thanks for
watching and I will see you next time